# Udacity OpenStreetMap Data Case Study## Map AreaIstanbul, TurkeyThis data is of my hometown. In this project we will investigate Istanbul Metro Extracts data from MapZen. You can download it from:- https://mapzen.com/data/metro-extracts/metro/istanbul_turkey/ or- https://www.openstreetmap.org/export#map=9/41.2017/28.9648 ## Data AuditingBefore submitting data to the database, i  first need to investigate data if there is any problem in it. So i did it, in the data auditing file.## Problems Encountered In The Map¶In the data auditing process i saw there were errors in street names seen in the following:- Overabbreviated street names (“14 sk.”, "Mete sok")- Incorrect Street names("Eminönü")Interestingly all post codes were correct; numeric and 5 digits.## Data Overview and Additional Ideas### File Sizesİstanbul\_turkey.osm ..... 242 MB<br>İstanbul\_turkey.db ........ 130 MB<br>nodes.csv ............... 2,36 MB<br>nodes\_tags.csv ......... 27,8 MB<br>ways.csv ............... 11,1 MB<br>ways\_tags.csv ........... 35,6 MB<br>ways\_nodes.cv .......... 10,6 MB <br>### Number Of Nodes<code>sqlite> select count(*) from nodes;1165055</code>### Number Of Ways<code>sqlite> select count(*) from ways;192639</code>### Number of unique users<code>sqlite> select count(distinct(a.uid))          <br>from (select uid from nodes union all select uid from ways) a;<br>2333</code>### Top 10 contributing users<code>sqlite> select a.user, count(*) as counter<br>from (select user from nodes union all select user from ways) a<br>group by a.user<br>order by counter desc<br>limit 10;<br>Nesim,99994<br>bigalxyz123,86289<br>Cicerone,63380<br>Ckurdoglu,49328<br>katpatuka,49093<br>JeLuF,48538<br>EC95,38399<br>canTurgay,36459<br>Sakthi20,27504<br>turankaya74,25341<br></code>### Number of users appearing only once (having 1 post)<code>sqlite> select count(*) <br>from (select a.user, count(*) as counter<br>     from (select user from nodes union all select user from ways) a<br>     group by a.user<br>     having counter = 1) u;<br>640</code>### Top 10 appearing amenities<code>sqlite> select value, count(*) as counterfrom nodes_tagswhere key='amenity'group by valueorder by counter desclimit 10;pharmacy,2440<br>restaurant,853<br>cafe,736<br>bank,493<br>fuel,319<br>fast\_food,291<br>parking,263<br>atm,257<br>place\_of\_worship,220<br>school,172<br></code>## 3 Top 10 cuisines<code>sqlite> select nodes_tags.value, count(*) as counter<br>from nodes_tags <br>    join (select distinct(id) from nodes_tags where value='restaurant') i<br>    on nodes_tags.id=i.id <br>where nodes_tags.key='cuisine' <br>group by nodes_tags.value <br>order by counter desc <br>limit 10;<br>turkish,95kebab,27regional,26pizza,12seafood,10fish,8international,7italian,6local,6burger,5</code>## Additional Ideas### Number of pharmacies, and parking areasIt is very interesting for a city to become famous with its pharmacies, isn't it? The number of pharmacies is top 1 in the list, it is true or is there any problem? Should we think that Turkish people isn't healthy? Maybe. Or Turkish people loves taking drugs? The right answer isn't important for now, the important thing is that the number of pharmacies is relatively high. We need also investigate the number of hospitals, but hospitals isn't in the top 10 list. The hosiptals in the city may be big, so we also need some more information for example capacicy. Let's say that most of hospitals are far from the map area or hospitals are really very big. And let's say that with these missing information, number of pharmacy and hospital counts are coherent. Also, in Turkey, drugs are sold only in pharmacies, not in supermarkets. If it isn't because of healthcare tourism, or there isn't supermarket effect, it seems there is a problem.Also, parking areas are very less. Compared to restaurants, cafes, and fast food areas sum, parking areas are very poor. Anyone living in Istanbul already knows this.### Dominant Turkish Cuisine?In the Top 10 Cuisines list, we saw that Turkish foods are very dominant compared to the others. It may seem that Turkish, Kebap, local, and regional titles are in the same group. But we need to know about Turkish title a little bit more. Because, it may include Kebap or Doner like foods. This is important because, we may include Kebap or Doner into fast foods, because these foods are serving just like fast foods, like hamburgers. So, we need to make it clear that Turkish people loves fast food or not. This may point us obesity, or health problems. In the above, i tried to pay attention to the number of pharmacies.# ConclusionThis project as a beginning in python was really cool. And investigating my hometown was also good. This data shows us some improvements about data are necessary. Data that is unclear will not be effective, we see that in the top 10 cuisines list. On the other hand in the amenities list pharmacies indicates a question to be answered. In the last few years Turkish goverments tries to decrease taking drugs especially antibiotics. The next question is much more important. If this is the pointer of consuming drugs so much, then why?